Docs: multiples fixes (#371)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/metrics/warp10.md

Warp 10 is a time series database. The notion of `class`, `labels`, `longitude`, `latitude`, `altitude` and `value` are used.

> A GTS is a GeoTime Serie defined by a `class` and some `labels`. They are indexed and used to quickly retrieved the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GTS is a GeoTime Serie defined by a `class` and some `labels`. They're indexed and used to quickly retrieved the data.
```

> `labels` is a kind of dictionary. That is called a **map** under the warp10 terminology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`labels` is a kind of dictionary. That's called a **map** under the warp10 terminology.
```
